To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful & deserving of every chance & opportunity in the world."
Nine years since Citizens United, the amount of money in politics hasn't changed dramatically. But who funds politics has: "a handful of donors who make multimillion dollar contributions." The result: disastrous laws like Trump's tax giveaway to the rich.
“The Trump administration likely separated thousands more children from their parents at the Southern border than was previously believed.” This is an outrage! We need hearings, answers, and solutions immediately.
Thank you, Mary Oliver, for giving so many of us words to live by."Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?"
If the government shutdown lasts beyond tomorrow, domestic violence shelters that rely on federal funding will be forced to begin shutting their doors and closing down hotlines. In so many ways, lives are on the line.
Yesterday, the New York state legislature voted to pass new bills allowing early voting, pre-registration for 16- and 17-year-olds, and consolidated state and federal primaries. They're great first steps to fixing our democracy. Congratulations to all, and let's keep going!
As of today, this shutdown is the longest in history. The costs are already high: People are missing paychecks, losing business, or working without pay. Our national parks are overrun with trash. The FDA and FBI warn of the harm to our food safety and national security.
To the women sworn in to Congress today, the most in our history: Congratulations. Knock it out of the park.
I'm grateful to everyone who brought light into 2018: organizers, journalists, candidates, marchers, activists, and voters. Here's to you. Happy New Year.
There was a 10-point increase in youth turnout from 2014 to 2018, due in part to the hard work done by some. More than 30% of young people voted in 2018! In Chicago, young people outperformed all other generations on Election Day for the first time ever.
Actions have consequences, and whether we’re in Syria or not, the people who want to harm us are there & at war. Isolationism is weakness. Empowering ISIS is dangerous. Playing into Russia & Iran’s hands is foolish. This President is putting our national security at grave risk.
Nevada just became the first state in the country to have a legislature that's majority women. Let's make it the first of many.
We should all bear witness to the humanitarian crisis at our border and continue to work to stop it. "Thousands of children are living in a tent prison. In the desert. For months on end."
A Russian disinformation campaign “used every major social media platform to deliver words, images and videos tailored to voters’ interests to help elect President Trump—and worked even harder to support him while in office."
There’s new CDC data out about gun deaths in America. Last year saw the most gun deaths in 40 years, nearly 40,000 people. What is wrong with us? This is not a problem we should have at all, let alone one that’s getting worse.
One of my personal heroes is Ela Bhatt, who has provided microloans to women in India for 46 years. Her work embodies the principle that every person should have the chance to achieve his or her dreams and make the most of their God-given potential. https://www.
No child should have to fear violence in their school. It should have been true for Sandy Hook six years ago. It should be true today. Let's keep working until it's reality.
There are no words to capture the horror of a seven-year-old girl dying of dehydration in U.S. custody. What’s happening at our borders is a humanitarian crisis.
On this day, we don't remember the destruction of Pearl Harbor. We remember the selflessness Americans showed that day as they risked themselves to save their fellow servicemembers, and we remember the resilience that followed. To all who served and sacrificed, thank you.
This is not in line with American values, and it’s a dangerous path. It's a fundamental building block of democracy that elected representatives respect the outcome of elections. To ignore those outcomes is to silence voters and endanger the health of our democracy itself.
In Michigan, voters chose Democrats to be governor, attorney general, and secretary of state. Since then, the Republican-controlled legislature has passed bills to gut minimum wage, slash paid sick leave, and limit the new secretary of state's powers.
Over the last few days, Republicans in Wisconsin's state legislature have pushed through bills to shift power to their Republican-controlled legislature and away from the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general.
Republicans in Michigan and Wisconsin lost elections on Nov. 6. Rather than respect the will of voters, they're using their last few weeks in office to pass laws limiting the power of new governors and put roadblocks on voting. It's not just anti-Democratic. It's anti-democratic.
Russia's actions brazenly violate a treaty allowing free passage in the strait and the G7 should hold fast in demanding the sailors' immediate return.
George H.W. Bush was a beloved father & grandfather, a war hero, a public servant, & a class act. In my experiences w/ him, I always valued his desire to listen, look at evidence & ask for ideas, even from people w/ different beliefs. My heart goes out to the entire Bush family.
In less than a week, there will be a run-off in the race to be Georgia's next secretary of state. Georgians deserve a secretary of state who will administer elections fairly and make it easy for every eligible citizen to vote. Help make it happen:
Many of this summer’s family separation stories have ended happily thanks to an outpouring of support. But as the headlines have receded, the work has continued. Today is a great day to help.
Of course, combating climate change is about more than dollars and cents. It's a moral imperative. Our children and grandchildren deserve to live on a planet that can support their lives, liberty, and pursuit of happiness.
"Regional economies and industries that depend on natural resources and favorable climate conditions, such as agriculture, tourism, and fisheries, are vulnerable to the growing impacts of climate change."
"More frequent and intense extreme weather and climate-related events, as well as changes in average climate conditions, are expected to continue to damage infrastructure, ecosystems, and social systems that provide essential benefits to communities."
"With continued growth in emissions at historic rates, annual losses in some economic sectors are projected to reach hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century—more than the current GDP of many U.S. states."
In Europe, nationalists like Hungary’s Viktor Orban are exploiting this challenge to stoke fear and resentment. To defeat them and protect democracy, the EU needs a more comprehensive policy that builds societies that are both secure and welcoming.
On both sides of the Atlantic, we need reform. Not open borders, but immigration laws enforced with fairness and respect for human rights. We can’t let fear or bias force us to give up the values that have made our democracies both great and good.
In a recent interview, I talked about how Europe must reject right-wing nationalism and authoritarianism, including by addressing migration with courage and compassion. I also gave a comprehensive speech about this last month.
As of last week, over 200 children in detention near the border are still separated from their families. It's been over 100 days since the deadline for the administration to reunite them.
My heart goes out to everyone affected by the fires in California. People have lost loved ones, pets, and homes, and the fires are still going. If you'd like to help, here are a few organizations that are working locally to support survivors:
The inspiring Lucy McBath became an activist for common-sense gun reform after her son, Jordan, was shot and killed. This cycle, she ran for Congress in a heavily Republican district in Georgia—and it looks likely she will win.
Janet Mills will be the first woman governor of Maine. Cindy Axne and Abby Finkenauer will be the first women to represent Iowa in the House. Finkenauer and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are the youngest women to be elected to Congress ever.
It was a historic night in so many ways: For the first time ever, over 100 women were elected to Congress—including a record number of women of color.
My thoughts are with everyone affected by this morning’s horrific shooting at The Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We can and must put a stop to this violence and this hate. It should have no home in America.
He spent his 30 years doing all the good he could, in all the ways he could, for as long as he could. Our prayers are with Tyrone’s family, especially his wife, Beth, and their huge community of devoted friends.
Matthew’s parents, Judy and Dennis, lobbied hard for the Matthew Shepard & James Byrd Jr Hate Crimes Prevention Act. They knew it wouldn't bring their son back, but they wanted other LGBT people to have that protection and justice. May their example inspire us all in these times.
Matthew Shepard's ashes were laid to rest in the Washington National Cathedral today. Two days later, we’ll mark the nine-year anniversary of President Obama signing a law that bears Matthew’s name.
Eleven weeks ago, the administration was supposed to finish reunifying families it separated at the border. Eleven weeks on, families are still waiting and wondering when they'll see their loved ones again. Every additional minute they wait is an injustice.
They told me about their grief, and also about their anger and frustration toward a political system that couldn’t seem to take action to prevent other kids from dying from unnecessary gun violence.
Democracy is a habit. It must be practiced again and again. Yes, that means voting. But it also means debating and compromising, participating in shared institutions, and honoring the rights and needs of all citizens.
It’s crucial that however it comes out, Brexit should not be allowed to undermine the peace and prosperity that has been so dearly won here.
I do not come today as an authority with all the answers—only you will find those—but as a friend who knows how hard the people of Northern Ireland have worked and suffered to transcend old conflicts. You deserve a future worthy of that struggle.
Now is the time to bring human rights out of the ivory tower and into what Eleanor Roosevelt called "small places close to home"—into neighborhoods and schools, offices, factories, and farms, and the hearts and daily interactions of men and women everywhere.
Seventy years ago this December, 58 countries came together at the end of World War II to offer the world a roadmap for peace and prosperity strong enough to withstand the appeals of demagogues and the ravages of poverty and fear.





